c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Shed.dll
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Shed.pdb
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\DotNetCross.Memory.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Realm.dll
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Realm.Sync.dll
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.dll
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Realm.xml
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Realm.Sync.xml
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.xml
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.RegisterUser.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.ShedMainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.UsersPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.dll
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.pdb
C:\Users\Kyle\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kyle\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Kyle\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Shed.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.RegisterUser.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.ShedMainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.UsersPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.dll
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.pdb
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Shed.dll
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Shed.pdb
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\DotNetCross.Memory.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Realm.dll
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Realm.Sync.dll
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Realm.xml
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Realm.Sync.xml
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.xml
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.AdminApprove.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\obj\Debug\Shed.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Kyle\Desktop\Shed\Shed\Shed\bin\Debug\Shed.dll.mdb
